fix: remove unused template for address-actions (#15317)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

The block `buy_widget_price_unit` and its children has been moved into `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget.html.twig`.
Instead of overwriting any of those blocks inside `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget-price.html.twig`, extend the new `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget.html.twig` file using the same blocks.

## Removed address book action template

> The template `@/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/addressbook/address-actions.html.twig` is no longer used and will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removed address book action template

The unused template `@/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/addressbook/address-actions.html.twig` was removed.
```

The block `buy_widget_price_unit` and its children has been moved into `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget.html.twig`.
Instead of overwriting any of those blocks inside `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget-price.html.twig`, extend the new `@Storefront/storefront/component/buy-widget/buy-widget.html.twig` file using the same blocks.

## Removed `@/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/addressbook/address-actions.html.twig`

> THe template `@/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/addressbook/address-actions.html.twig` is unused

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Removed address book action template
The template `@/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/addressbook/address-actions.html.twig` is no longer used and will be removed.
```

Reviewer: the Upgrade guide needs to be written as if the removal already happened. keep in mind that it will help people upgrading once 6.8 is released.
